list as far back as the 1920s when he
began as FBI director Hoover had gone
after persons like Marcus Garvey
Garvey's organization the universal
Negro Improvement Association had a
membership numbering in the millions and
somehow Hoover found this threatening
and worthy of surveillance and
undermining attempts Garvey's influence
had been international and had drawn
world attention to America's treatment
of black people
Paul Robson was another who was viewed
by Hoover as an enemy this reporter has
personally examined thousands of FBI CIA
and other US government agency documents
that were kept on Paul Robson Robson
like Garvey had an international
audience at his command and he used that
platform to denounce racism in the
United States most important however the
questions raised for the State
Department as to my political of thing
here's the question of whether one who
wants to sing and act can have as a
citizen political opinion and in
attacking me they suggested that when I
was abroad I spoke out against injustice
'as to the Negro people in the United
States I certainly did and the Supreme
Court justice just ruled judge Warren in
the segregation cases that world opinion
had a lot to do with that ruling that
our children Negro children can go to
school like anybody else in the south
I'm very proud to have been a part of
directing world opinion to precisely
that condition the second that I fight
for the independence of a colonial
people's of Africa abandon the colored
people's of the world assemble made it
clear that nobody is going to tell them
what to do they're going to have the
independence I'm proud of that when the
60s came many factions of the civil
rights movement had developed the same
international perspective those of us
living in the United States who see
ourselves as and who are in fact you
know descendants of the Africans who
were brought to this country who
enslaved I mean and who were rebelling
and revolting now against our present
condition and we are concerned about
Africa we see Africa as our motherland
and we feel that we have a
responsibility to speak with as much
passion as any other African on this
issue
the United States government says the
change must come in South Africa through
peaceful means that same government has
over 500,000 troops in Vietnam fighting
not white people but brown Vietnamese so
it is small wonder that the civil rights
movement was also subjected to heavy
attack by Hoover billions of government
dollars were spent in this direction
many of these activities were not only
unwarranted but of questionable legality
the congressional hearings into the
assassination of dr. King bore this out
two FBI agents testified before a Senate
committee chaired by Senator Frank
church
I'm trying to find out what it was that
impelled the some part of the FBI to
pursue Martin Luther King with such an
obsession and what I understood that
answer to be as first of all it was not
any suspicions of the commission of a
federal crime
none of the literature showed up a
single suggestion that Martin Luther
King had committed or was about to
commit a crime that correct that's
correct
Asuna but at this point once of what was
being done did involve challenges to
local laws and there is a very strong
suggestion that King was seen as
rallying the lawbreakers and would-be
lawbreakers all the it fall calls that
that sounded q I'm looking now in terms
of if we look at what might have gotten
the bureau started remember at the same
time he is extremely critical of the
bureau's own law enforcement efforts if
we see throughout these documents in the
new left documents that it is taboo to
criticize the bureau and particularly
the director well did he ever was he
ever charged with full mening violence
did he ever did he ever participated in
violence was it ever alleged that he was
about to be violent that was the very
opposite of his philosophy Center so
that it was neither the fear commission
of a crime or the commission of violence
was there any serious charge that he
himself was a communist no such charge
ever was needed so that what was left
then was a decision on the part of some
persons or personally within the FBI
that he should nevertheless be pursued
and replaced and the basis for that
apparently was political the decision
that he was dangerous or potentially
dangerous to someone's notion of what
this country should be doing and a
further theory that the FBI possessed
the ability to enter
into this field and to investigate and
to intimidate and seek to neutralize and
indeed replace a civil rights leader
that they thought to be politically
unacceptable is that correct yes all
right and the tactics they used
apparently had no end microphonic
surveillance of hotel rooms they
included informants they included
sponsoring of letters signed by phony
names to relatives and friends and
organizers they involved even plans to
replace him with someone else the FBI
was to select as a national civil rights
leader is that correct yes that plan was
didn't get further far but it was
seriously considered in mr. Hoover
penned a note to that suggestion
commending his authors did they not yes
it also included a direct an indirect
attempt to persuade the Pope not to see
him and many other people a direct
attempt to persuade one of our major
universities not to grant him a
doctorate degree that's correct
after the march on Washington there was
an acceleration he was defined because
of his speech in that demonstration in
Washington as the most dangerous and
effective leader in the country and
there was a paper battle between within
the bureau as to how best to attack him
then he was attacked after Time magazine
named him as man of the year again the
bureau finds that reprehensible believes
it must attack and destroy when he was
given the Nobel Prize again they seek to
discredit dr. King with the persons who
welcomed him back from that award when
he began to speak out against the
Vietnam War there's a new crescendo
of efforts by the bureau to discredit
and destroy dr. King it is my feeling
that the assassination of dr. King was a
part of conspiracy in the country and I
do believe that some individuals in very
high places of our government were
involved in this conspiracy and it is
the same conspiracy that eliminated and
destroyed
President Kennedy senator Kennedy
Malcolm X Medgar Evers and so many other
freedom and human rights individuals I'm
convinced the government was involved at
some level I will never separate the
conduct the attitude of Hoover in the
FBI from dr. King's assassination I
never will do that I think one of the
most important things that come out in
that investigation was that Martin
Luther King in Memphis was in a white
hotel the FBI
admitted that they leaked to the press
that dr. King was staying in a white
hotel instead of a black hotel and it
was that embarrassment that forced dr.
King to move into the Lorraine hotel of
where he was killed there are more
questions regarding the FBI's role in
the assassination of dr. King for
example why was dr. King stripped of his
protection just before he was killed in
Memphis was reporter less pain and
myself interviewed police officer Eadie
read it of the Memphis Police Department
who told how he was mysteriously removed
from his security post near dr. King
however later his superior chief
Holloman denied doing so why do you feel
you were pulled away from your
assignment of surveillance that day why
do you think they pulled you I think
because whoever pulled the trigger I
could identify
when there were complaints from somebody
reduce manpower no no the attorneys
general in 1965 had for 25 years
authorized wiretaps and a fairly
widespread fashion this was just one at
the very most the only I can think of it
I would have done but I didn't even do
that was go talk to Bob Kennedy and ask
him about it
but mr. katzenback in whom I also had
great confidence without giving me the
details said that it was alright that he
had that there were no it was not being
done anymore it would not be done
anymore and that there is nothing to
worry about I think the issue is the
neo-fascists police state mentality that
pervaded the intelligence community that
is a danger to America to this day
Malcolm X was kept under heavy FBI
surveillance since he got out of prison
back in 1953 as he rose to national
prominence as the black Muslims chief
spokesman he became aware that he was
under close watch that surveillance
escalated into the infiltration of the
Nation of Islam personal frailties were
played upon jealousy arose and Malcolm
was ultimately out stood from that
organization this caused an intense
climate of rivalry that set the stage
for Malcolm's assassination in February
of 1965 he was really declared a
hypocrite at the time and because of
some of the things that he was saying in
regards to the Oliver lies
muhammad may god be pleased with him a
strong position was really taken against
him
The ministers began to speak out against
the things that Malcolm was saying in
regards to your honor Elijah Muhammad
accusations that he had made about the
Honorable Elijah Muhammad he had changed
the Honorable Elijah Muhammad
for instance of fathering children and
etc and you must understand that at that
time the Honorable Elijah Muhammad to
the Muslims then was held in such high
reverence as you would even think of any
prophet being held in high reverence and
this is the kind of love and admiration
that Muslims at that time had see on
Elijah Muhammad so when this mountain
began to say those things it was taken
as an outright lie I would say that take
for instance one time in the Mohamed
speaks at that time the newspaper
printed a big article concerning the
chief hypocrite and it actually had a
picture of Malcolm's head you know
rolling or bouncing down down the street
at that time and you know the way that
pictures depicted you know he has little
horns on his head things like this is so
indirectly I would say that a very very
strong position was taken against him
you can't you can't take nine teenage
women and seduce them and give them
babies and not tell me you have more and
then then then tell me tomorrow you
could do it if you admitted you did it
and admitted that the babies were yours
I shake your hand and call you a man a
good one too
but anytime you seduce teenage girls and
make them be charged with adultery make
them hide your pride while you're not
even a man much less a divine man so and
this is what he did he took he took at
least nine that we know about and I'm
not speculating because he told this to
me himself
yes that's why he wanted me dead because
he knew that soon as I woke up I tell
the innovation was basically what took
place of me and yeah took seats down in
the front do it a Barbie came early
we were drift into the Audubon if indeed
there was a search then we could never
hit it
there was no search so are we interested
in just like we had hope to the ideas
myself that seats are down front on the
left hand side Benjamin and William
William who carried the sort of shotgun
set right behind us
you know and what we said somewhat in
the back are almost in a little and our
plan was as soon as the brother came out
to speak that Wilbur would throw the
smoke bomb to make its distraction and
that William would fire his shotgun and
actively out of myself in wood fire
hours and then this break for the door
[Music]
as in dr. King's assassination a police
superior has troubled with the truth
he tells reporters that two suspects
were arrested at the Autobahn later
official police reports say that one was
arrested also listen closely as the
police official carefully handles the
question about police on the scene we
have two suspects in custody
[Music]
there were no police at this meeting
whether inspector there were no
uniformed police when assigned incisors
no uniformed police on the scene does
this mean that police out of uniform
were there and if so why didn't they
take action what were they doing there
this behavior pattern rings a bell of
striking similarity with the behavior
pattern of the CIA overseas the Church
Committee produced cables demanded and
got cables which proved it traced the
CIA's plan to kill the Moomba said
Gottlieb when it got on a plane and went
to lopoldville headquarters sent a
cable saying used the poison Gottlieb
was careering for the poison a
headquarters sent a cable saying you
have to use it promptly because it
deteriorates and they had a plan to try
and get it into his toothpaste or give
it to him in a Mickey at some social
function and then there's a gap and no
cables no explanation of what happened
then five weeks later he's beaten to
death on an airplane and unfortunately
though the the airplane was in the
control of people who had agency krypton
Elms and the gap of what happened has
never been answered the the men who were
involved and were responsible obviously
aren't speaking out and and there's no
paper to prove anything so perhaps the
same tactics were used against the civil
rights movement heavy infiltration of
the ranks spread the seeds of dissension
then step back and let the blood spill
[Music]
as I said mr. chairman it is for this
committee to be able to figure out how
to persuade the people of this country
that indeed it did go on and how shall
we ensure that it never happened again
but it will happen repeatedly unless we
can bring ourselves to understand and
accept that it did go
and I say that is one whom who worked as
the United States attorney with the
bureau and have enormous respect for its
capacities and field of kidnapping bank
robbery and a lot of other things but
I'm appalled to learn what the if it's
correct the intelligence side of that
Bureau was up to for so long if we would
like to believe that the FBI would do
all this viciousness in all of these
things to an individual and would stop
short of killing him and we out of our
mind in America today if we believe the
CIA would deal with foreign
assassinations and would not consider
that home that's like saying the Mafia
runs crooked gambling tables in South
America but honest ones in America it
just ain't true we've seen then how the
decade of struggle ended many of the
prominent figures like Malcolm X and
Martin Luther King jr. were assassinated
amidst an intense climate of hatred that
government agencies were acutely aware
of in fact the FBI contributed to
creating the climate of hate
moreover the assassinations themselves
appear to have been facilitated by an
elaborate network of government and
police agencies who were watching very
closely every move that Malcolm X and
Martin Luther King jr. were making and
then at the same time they disappeared
just as the assassinations occurred but
those are the leaders what about the
students the troops of the movement
well they too are subjected to
harassment this document that you're
looking at now shows how the FBI tried
to divide factions within the Student
Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and
the Black Panther Party was also
subjected to heavy heavy surveillance we
knew the history of the FBI infiltration
tactics and other organizations
particularly the American Communist
Party
there was already a record compiled to
show that the FBI was even in charge of
various branches of the Communist Party
so we understood that police tactic of
infiltration there was a situation where
in a sense the white racism was its own
victim like for racist reasons J Edgar
Hoover had not recruited black agents he
had a lot of white agents and it takes
time to train some black agents in the
meantime those white agents try as they
might were not able to infiltrate our
ranks because the Black Panther Party
did not have any white members and we
relied upon people that we knew and we
kept people that we didn't know on
another level and I think this is why we
didn't suffer more with that way because
they did catch up and start a crash
program of recruiting black agents and
they very quickly feel that gap but it
took about a year to do it in the summer
of 1978 I interviewed a man who worked
as an informer for the FBI during the
1960's
his name is dart Perry also known as
Edie Riggs also known as Bill Perry also
known as Othello
how are you paid the pay was always in
cash cash and you would sign a card it
would go like this a rendezvous or a
drop-off point would be picked out
either by yourself or the agent he would
meet the agent there usually it would be
in a vehicle you get in a vehicle he was
hanging you the money he would tell you
first to count the money he would tell
you the amount while you counted it if
the amount was there he would then bring
out a card on that card would be
for the week of such-and-such and in
other words the week was dated so-and-so
has been paid the amount of then you
would sign the card and then the agent
would sign the card the reason for this
is that if all of a sudden the IRS
became very interested about where you
were getting all this extra money from
you could always tell them to go back to
the bureau and the bureau would have
your cards on file I see were the such
things as bonuses oh yes what would they
pay it for bonuses were paid for suppose
while you were meeting with or you were
at a meeting with Bobby Seales
to lie of the Red Army happened to come
to the meeting - which is something
which would be a new development that's
the best bonus time in other words a hot
piece of information hot piece very hot
piece did you ever suffer pangs of
conscience quite a few times quite a few
times I still suffer pangs of conscience
I suffer from the fact that a lot of
people trusted me and I misused that
trust
I suffer from the fact that a lot of
information that I gave out was the
undoing of certain groups or certain
people I suffer from the fact that I'm
on the run constantly I had no real life
to speak of he had no family life really
you know the wife no I don't have a wife
I do have a child I can't see her that
often I have to stay away from them
because once I come around the Bureau
shows up
and harassment starts I have very few
close personal friends no one to really
confide in it's uh it's like being on
the outside of a glass jar and
everything it's happening inside the jar
but you're on the outside you can see it
happening but you can't participate why
he decided to talk to me for the simple
reason I think this information should
be she should should be getting up
should be gotten should be put out to
the public I think not only black people
but everyone should become aware of what
your so called law enforcement agencies
do the so-called enforce the law because
between you myself and the audience I've
seen more felons in law enforcement than
I have in present many would say well
look you yourself just got through
saying that the dla was involved in
criminal activity
what's wrong with wanting to put them in
prison how would you answer them I would
answer him in this way first off we had
to understand why they did what they did
but I'm not even ago I'm not even gonna
go off into that psychological hoo-ha
what I'm gonna say is when you become
just as bad as the people that you go
after then there's nothing gained and a
whole lot lost you also were active in
the infiltration of many cultural groups
before we go into that step-by-step how
much research and study did the FBI
engage in of black culture in the late
sixties a great amount give me an idea
for the thing is like I can they have a
file on every type of magazine
the blacks read they have a file on the
music music music dance theater
magnetars comedians you name it man and
they would actually study these yes oh
yes definitely what would they do with
music to understand the people you have
to understand the culture to infiltrate
you have to understand you had a lot of
so-called white liberals that we're
infiltrating the so called black groups
using the information that they gather
from the studies of blacks you mean just
to understand the behavior pattern of
our people oh yeah I can you know we'll
even could name out some jams of mouths
Davis that I hadn't even heard of he
could name often some books that I
hadn't even read pertaining to black
culture do you ever see agents actually
studying music of yes yes yes I I've
seen them going over even video portion
of cultural events
the understanding like when okay you
have an organization like Leroy Jones
black house you remember that okay Leroy
Jones this place which was done on the
thing of tribalism I that's where I
first heard that were Kim - mom - hon -
hand - these these words of the African
continuum you know I learned that from
an agent he ran it down to me they may
end up in depth studies of the
personalities of the people they're
dealing with - culturally it always
helps when you it's the thing of you can
take their culture and use it against
them how large would you say an
extensive a collection on our culture
would you say the FBI has would you rate
it as large as a particular library like
the Schomburg library in Harlem I would
rate it better I would rate it better
and the fact is that they go into
details details that we probably
probably would overlook we'll Heaton
used to meet me in different places you
know we'll headon that was one of my
super supervising agents there is a
certain bar in the los angeles area
where people into black cultural things
met and will heating used to meet me
there
and he would go into very long and
tiring conversations with some very
articulate brothers about culture
African culture and afro-american
culture tell me about some of the
cultural organizations that you
infiltrated and what you did
pasla my funding west Writers Workshop
which they had Watts Writers Workshop
yes a West Writers Workshop which was
one of the oldest established black
writers workshop better place was burned
down yeah
the bureau had a burnt down how do you
know that I know because I participated
I did the arson you burned down the once
writers yes why did they want it to go
uh at the time funding had been cut to
the workshop had been cut out but it
looked like there was a possibility of a
grant being given back to the workshop
and there was no theatre there would be
no grant how did you do it two cans of
kerosene Purex bottle gasoline and the
flare highway flare why didn't you use
more sophisticated stuff oh no no no you
never overly sophisticated it's too
obvious this way you make it look like
you know maybe somebody in the
neighborhood that got kicked out of
theater at one time got mad and came and
burned the damn theater up that kind of
thing but you were involved in this
theater I mean didn't didn't get to you
at all which you were a man I got to me
a great deal I love that theater I've
built the stage you built the stage oh
yeah when I got to the workshop the
stage that had been the original stage
that have been built needed an extension
on it the original part of the stage was
in terrible condition they had no
lighting system
I put the lighting system in myself I
put the stage in myself and that was a
stage man and that was a theater it's a
nice theater who was the director of
that workshop Harry Doolin I don't
some very very well-known artists
supported that workshop gave him ready
to it some very well-known artists came
out of the Watts Writers Workshop
you know Glenn Tubman
Yaphet Kotto Sidney Poitier used to come
down there and give a class Sammy Davis
jr. used to come down there all the time
Quincy Jones used to come there and give
music classes we had our own 8-track
studio set up for sound we had our own
sound room there was part of your other
activities and responsibilities to study
the profiles of celebrities who was
supportive of organizations definitely
and especially like I said psychological
backgrounds weaknesses and strengths did
he have a weakness for blondes did he
have a weakness for money
did he snort cocaine did he smoke
marijuana they even get into oh and that
was one thing the bureau loves is this
sexual background they have files and
files from different blacks not only
celebrities but a lot of others sexual
activity what would they do with this
information
well let's use as a weakness so they
would feed these to these weaknesses yes
did you see that happen oh yes
Doc Holliday who is one of the leaders
of the VTF black guerrilla family which
is a present game and the California
state prison system upon his release
from prison
a certain sister made herself known to
him at a nightclub whereupon he moved in
with her
and she picked up names telephone
numbers information you know that kind
of thing that lasted for a good three
and a half months was just an unusual
thing or didn't happen or thought that
happens all the time did you yourself
get involved in doing that yes give me
an example there was a gentleman that
was on trial in Los Angeles that
belonged to the VLA that had been busted
in a southern state for a bank robbery
but was brought with two other people to
Los Angeles to stand trial for the
machine-gunning of a police officer in
Los Angeles I was supposed to warm my
way into the affections of his sister
and whatever it took to get the
information that I needed as far as what
kind of defense they plan to use as to
turn this information over to the
federal prosecution did you do it I got
the information and thank God I didn't
have to go through with the actual thing
of sexual activity what do you mean
thank God the sister was rather
unappealing how did you justify to the
organizations in which you had
infiltrated yourself that you were
living on an $800 a week stipend or on
an $800 a week standard of living when
most of them were living hand-to-mouth
well hey you know hustling you know I
mean Amen you know so little this on the
side little of that on the side you know
I get over you know that kind of thing
in other words ain't nobody's business
but mine where I get the money so you
know everybody took it for granted that
I was possibly doing a little dealing on
the side that kind of thing but then
also everybody liked me for the simple
reason that I would do things that I
didn't have to do I would go out of my
way you know like my fun day would have
a pair
then he needed someone to do the sound
setup for him and I'd say of course I'll
do it for you you know that kind of
thing
I was very well-liked at one time in the
community would you say to American
citizens that this situation of
surveillance and infiltration continues
to this day
oh yes on the dimension that you
experienced probably much larger by now
larger oh yeah let me let me let me put
it to you like this each year everything
gradually escalated up more and more so
I figured when I left it didn't stop
escalating as they say one monkey does
not stop anybody's show you mentioned
Sammy Davis jr. who at one time it was
reported gave money to the Black Panther
Party I believe
were you ever assigned to look into that
yes I was I was told to try to get as
close to mr. Davis or to anyone in his
office as I could I used to go up and
have real chitchat chummy-chummy
conversation with his personal secretary
and at the 9000 building on Sunset and I
used to bring a port attack video camera
and I used to go around and I would
videotape the whole office you mean
celebrities would be coming into his
office and you'd film them freely oh
yeah didn't they question that I'm from
the RUS Writers Workshop Yeah right on
brother
you know that kind of thing no questions
asked same thing with the n-double-a-cp
Image Awards you know they were very
interested in people like Sammy Davis
jr. there was a another black in Los
Angeles that they were very interested
in because not Los Angeles but in
Sacramento Nathaniel collie whose
attorney for the n-double-a-cp
and I know net and they wanted
information on him just for the simple
reason that he's an attorney for the end
of
CP which makes no sense to me but Mays
must make a lot of sense of in because
they used the information you'd been
called upon to testify in Washington
before who before the Senate committee I
was called first he testified before the
church committee and I did go to
Washington DC I did testify to those
people and I want to say right now that
the committee was full of smack
they got loads and loads of information
and didn't even use it didn't release it
they I had tapes that I offered to them
in evidence against the Federal Bureau
of Investigation with conversations of
me and my supervising officers where
he's telling me to obtain certain
articles for him by stealing don't get
fingerprints on it we can really use
that did you take the weapons over to
such-and-such the church's committee
told me that they couldn't use the tapes
because the tapes were gotten by illegal
means what would you say about the
composition of the committee panel that
questioned you I can say that's for the
birds too because the same people that I
was talking about were the same people
on the on the panel with the church's
committee what do you mean when I came
in the room to be interviewed by the so
called people from the church's
committee the representatives from the
Federal Bureau of Investigation's we're
also in the room FBI agents were a
member of the church committee panel
they were there with the investigators
for the church's committee asking
questions disliked the church's
committee and say this is another thing
that I find fault with and this is
another reason why I am NOT going to
Washington DC is that again I have been
asked to come again for the second time
I'm not going again for the simple
reason that when I went up there I went
up there with that idea that there were
agencies investigating the federal
investigation not the Federal Bureau of
Investigation investigating itself
you're on the lam almost do you have a
sense that you're gonna be arrested and
go to prison
oh yeah eventually eventually when
things come to a head it has to has to
be that way
no other way around it what would you
say to citizens who sit and listen to
what you've said and have a sense of
frustration and helplessness they are
some agents the old line agents
disagreed with the tactics that we use
during the so-called Cohen tell period
but one thing I don't want us to jump
off is that people always talk about
they're talking about Cohen till now so
heavily I'm not talking about Cohen tell
I'm talking about a thing called BD
which was better known as Black Death
the Black Death was set up for a simple
thing eventual filtrating black
organizations and black groups whatever
where was this black desk over there a
number of them there were a number of
black deaths but the hair black death
was in Washington DC controlled by
Sullivan and the was he by no mmm-hmm
and what was a function of the black
desks all over the country I guess there
were dozens to the function of the black
death was to monitor activity social
unrest revolutionary groups cultural
groups and such in the black community
and feed it into this central yes and it
still exists as far as I know yes we've
seen a number of investigations into the
assassination of Martin Luther King
we've seen an extended Police trial of
the assassination of Malcolm X what you
seem to say substantiates what many
black people say out on the street that
government agents for agencies knew that
these assassinations were brewing and
either participated in them or allowed
them to take place
it would behoove black people it would
behoove all people really to question
that's so called the cut-and-dry one
lone assassin theory the bureau and
other intelligence agencies are very
good at conspiracies they are very good
at setting people up to be killed they
are very good at making a new window so
the person will be killed
city police don't know about because
they have policemen in it they don't let
black people form anything without some
policemen in there and while I was in
the Black Muslim movement all of the
Black Muslim movement many of the police
who were sent to info black will tell me
say look I'm a cop
but I have to come they will tell me I
know the Muslim movable follically so I
don't you think anything is going down
if they don't know about the only thing
that goes down is what they want to go
down and what they don't want to go down
they don't let it go down something else
was used against the students that drove
the final nails into the coffin killing
the movement what stopped it of course
almost did in his track and not by any
accident was the widespread
and deliberately organized he
deliberately organized widespread use of
drugs
the fact that a decision was made and I
think you most of you familiar with the
broadcast of the Mafia defector who went
on public media to the cloud would have
been outlined in great detail the great
plan of how to destroy the black youth
of the nation starting in New York he
said in a meeting 20 miles outside of
New York City the great decision was me
he said you didn't have to guess about
it and I'm those who heard him know that
I'm quoting almost verbatim because he
was there and decision was to
concentrate the distribution of drugs on
the black youth of the nation starting
in New York starting in New York
beginning in the elementary school and
that to punish even on the pain of death
any of the distributor's who invaded the
white community
or predominantly white schools
the New York and other large cities were
to be divided up into districts the
district commander black was to be given
any kind of car he wanted Mercedes
Rose wrote anything because this would
be a part of the sales pitch said blacks
just a little fine cars and you drive
around through the community in this
fine car and some of his key assistants
and he'd be identified to be knowing
that sort of stuff and so the stewards
I'm not going to de for the into it but
that's it began in the spread over the
country and we fell for it now he wanted
one one thing was was important that the
thing to track the blacks more than any
other thing more than the drug itself
but to spread the word have the number
key young people in it and spread the
word that this is the end thing so
they'll get them just say it's the end
thing and they'll brave the fires of
hell to be a part of the end thing so
that's our story of the decade of
struggle we put together this film to
pay particular homage and tribute to the
extraordinary young people of that era
and we give the story to our young
people of today in particular in the
hope that they'll stop and think about
much of the negativism that they're
caught up in nowadays and try to
understand why
solo
Oh
there's so long to use in my videos so
low
[Music]
time to pray I didn't so
for so long I've been in
[Music]